UNR-3408 Remove UE4Commandline.txt when the session ended (#2115)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- The Deploy button will launch the deployment directly if the necessary fields were filled previously in the `Deployment Configuration` window, selecting the `Deployment Configuration` menu item from the dropdown will allow changing of deployment settings.
- Added `Build Client Worker` and `Build SimulatedPlayer` checkbox to the dropdown list of Deploy button to quickly enable/disable building and including the client worker or simulated player worker in the assembly.
- Automatically add `dev_login` tag to cloud deployment when clicking launch deployment button.

> - Remove the UE4Commandline.txt from the device when the session ends (click Cancel button from Message window when launch game on Android or iOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically removes the additional UE4Commandline.txt from the device when the Launch on Device session ends.
```

I don't think we need to add the "click Cancel button..", because you can also end the session by closing the app on your phone.

Author: Automatically removes the additional UE4Commandline.txt from the **Android** device when the Launch on Device session ends.
I flow your suggestion add Android to it.
